# Python Programming (CS2023)

**Course Title:** Python Programming <br>
**Course Number:** CS 2023 <br>
**Credit Hours:** 3 <br>

Introduction to software engineering and formal methods. General course topics include software lifecycle models, requirements analysis, specification, design, testing and maintenance. The course introduces students to formal methods, global software engineering, and ethics for software engineering. In the lab sessions, students apply concepts taught in lecture, and develop a large group project. <br /><br />

## Learning Outcomes

* Comprehend the software development and support process, project planning and organization, and for both traditional and distributed projects.
* Understand how to develop specifications, design, and test code for a set of software requirements and how to measure the quality of software developed and of the development process itself.
* Use team-building skills to work with their team to plan, design, implement, test, and develop a major software project.
* Comprehend formal software engineering methods.
* Apply principles of the ACM/IEEE Software Engineering Code of Ethics to class work.

## Enrollment Prerequisites

To be enrolled in this course, you must meet the following requirements:

1. Be an active participant in an EECS program, enrolled in one of the following plans:
   - Computer Engineering (CMPE-BSCOM)
   - Computer Science (CS-BSCS)
   - Electrical Engineering (EE-BSEE)
   - Electrical Engineering Technology (EET-BSEET)
   - Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISE-BSISE)
   - CEAS Minor, Computer Science (CS-MIN) [CEAS Minor]
2. Have a sophmore standing or higher.
3. Have completed **one** of the following courses with a grade of C- or better:
   - CS1021C (Computer Science 1)
   - CS1005C (Introduction to Programming for Informatics with Python and R)
   - CS2005C (Introduction to Programming for Informatics with Python and R)
   - EECE1080C (Programming for ECE)
   - ENED1120 (Foundations of Engineering Design Thinking II)